I started work on the 11th of January 1937.
I wasn't nervous or anything as a matter of fact.
Well, maybe the fact that my father was with me made it a little easier, you know.
Of course, the only thing I did then for a few months was to shovel coal into a tram.
And then of course the holier would come and take it away.
And my father would prepare the coal and I'd fill it.
But eventually, of course, I became able to get the coal myself.
I remember the first pay that my father had after I was working with him as a boy.
Well, I didn't have a pocket, it was all in one pocket.
So I had to depend on him.
And the only thing I had was half a gram of pocket money.
And the first thing I remember him us doing, and him giving me nine pence
to over to the check-wear, he was called.
He was a secular lodge up there then and he was a check-wear.
Give me nine pence, six pence for his federation money and three pence for mine.
Oh, so I paid federation, I still pay it anyway.
That's when I started growing up.